README.md, before:

# @miirinjej/eslint-config

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@miirinjej/eslint-config.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@miirinjej/eslint-config)

> Sharable eslint config for JavaScript

## Installation

```
npm install --save-dev @miirinjej/eslint-config eslint
```

## Usage

Add this config to `package.json`:

```yaml
"eslintConfig": {
  "extends": [
    "@miirinjej/eslint-config"
  ]
}
```

See also: [https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring)

### Extending the config

You can extend the current configuration by extending (or overriding) rules or an array of existing configurations:

```yaml
{
  "extends": ["@miirinjej/eslint-config", "./eslint.config.js"],
  "rules": {
    "no-console": "off"
  }
}
```

See also: [https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#extending-configuration-files](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#extending-configuration-files)

## Extensions

- [eslint-plugin-import](https://github.com/benmosher/eslint-plugin-import)
  — Linting of ES2015+ import/export syntax, and prevent issues with misspelling of file paths and import names.
- [eslint-plugin-promise](https://github.com/xjamundx/eslint-plugin-promise)
  — Best practices when working with promises.
- [eslint-plugin-unicorn](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn)
  — Various awesome ESLint rules.

## Rules

See [config](https://github.com/miirinjej/eslint-config/blob/master/index.js) itself.

Rules are grouped and sorted by default as in the original lists:

- [eslint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
- [eslint-plugin-import](https://github.com/benmosher/eslint-plugin-import#rules)
- [eslint-plugin-promise](https://github.com/xjamundx/eslint-plugin-promise#rules)
- [eslint-plugin-unicorn](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn#rules)

Commit message:

Docs(README.md): add documentation for new Babel features

README.md, after:

# @miirinjej/eslint-config

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@miirinjej/eslint-config.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@miirinjej/eslint-config)

> Sharable eslint config for JavaScript

## Installation

```
npm install --save-dev @miirinjej/eslint-config eslint
```

Or (if Babel isn't set up):

```
npm install --save-dev @babel/core @babel/preset-env @miirinjej/eslint-config eslint
```

In addition, when options `"useBuiltIns": "entry"|"usage"` are used in Babel config:

```
npm install core-js@latest
```

## Usage

Add this config to `package.json`:

```yaml
"eslintConfig": {
  "extends": [
    "@miirinjej/eslint-config"
  ]
}
```

See also: [https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring)

### Extending the config

You can extend the current configuration by extending (or overriding) rules or an array of existing configurations:

```yaml
{
  "extends": ["@miirinjej/eslint-config", "./eslint.config.js"],
  "rules": {
    "no-console": "off"
  }
}
```

See also: [https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#extending-configuration-files](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#extending-configuration-files)

## Included features

### [@babel/eslint-parser](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/main/eslint/babel-eslint-parser)

`@babel/eslint-parser` allows you to lint all valid Babel code with eslint.

**Note:** `@babel/eslint-parser` requires `@babel/core` and a valid Babel configuration file to run. If you do not have 
this already set up, please see the [Babel usage guide](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/usage).

### [@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env.html)

`@babel/preset-env` allows you to use the latest JavaScript based on your target environment(s).

## Extensions

- [@babel/eslint-parser](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/main/eslint/babel-eslint-parser)
  — Use Babel's parser for linting all Babel features.
- [@babel/eslint-plugin](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/main/eslint/babel-eslint-plugin)
  — Adds replacements for built-in rules to include Babel features.
- [eslint-plugin-import](https://github.com/benmosher/eslint-plugin-import)
  — Linting of ES2015+ import/export syntax, and prevent issues with misspelling of file paths and import names.
- [eslint-plugin-promise](https://github.com/xjamundx/eslint-plugin-promise)
  — Best practices when working with promises.
- [eslint-plugin-unicorn](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn)
  — Various awesome ESLint rules.

## Rules

See [config](https://github.com/miirinjej/eslint-config/blob/master/index.js) itself.

Rules are grouped and sorted by default as in the original lists:

- [eslint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
- [eslint-plugin-import](https://github.com/benmosher/eslint-plugin-import#rules)
- [eslint-plugin-promise](https://github.com/xjamundx/eslint-plugin-promise#rules)
- [eslint-plugin-unicorn](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn#rules)
